# Meme-inator, Social Media Platform for Memers

## Motivation and Philosphy

The motivation behind building Meme-inator was personal, entrepreneurial, and for intellectual fulfillment. 

First spark is that a simply want to; I like the idea of having my very own platform. 
Second, I have an feature idea not done by another tech company and I hope to use it in my own startup. 
Third, I wanted to become a better software engineer. SWE simply is the disipline that concerns all aspects of the production of software, specifically the SDLC. Using that defintion, I wanted to reinforce knowledge about SDLC and practice roleplaying as a project manager, business analyst, developer, and QA analyst. Lastly, With the advent of AI (blewup in late 2022/ early 2023) I wanted to learn to leverge AI in the SWE and development process, try focousing more on architecture and design on a higher level, and maybe read aout system design. I read books and articles on Software Architecture and system design to help me. 

I short, I mainly wanted to sharpen my SWE skills and learn whilst building something cool that could potientially become a startup down the road. 

# Archiecture/Design Decisions
My architectural goals I had in mind was to focous on extendability, scalability, extendability, and readability of the codebase, whilst using  technologies I am familiar with. 

For Backend I used
- clean architecture (3-layer application, domain, infrastructure layers)
- domain-driven design (DDD), Using domain models like usecases, entities, value objects, etc, that are all independent of frameworks. 

For Frontend I used
- Model-view-viewmodel
- Later tried to refactored code to clean architecture 



# Tech Stack
- Frontend
    - Framework: Flutter
    - State Management: BLOC
- Backend
    - framework: Django Ninja
    - AWS S3, EC2


# Major Features Done
- Wireframe GUI implemented for core features. 
- Authentication & Authorization
- Feeds Paginated from backend
- Other features in-progress or in backlog. 


# Getting Started
NOTE: `meme_inator_front` and `meme_inator_back` both have their own `READ_ME.md`.
- READ_ME in front end was generated by `Very Good CLI` tool. 


## License
© Farhan Hussain 2026. All Rights Reserved. 
Unauthorized copying of this codebase, via any medium, is strictly prohibited.
Employers are free to run the project. 